# ...Even The Most Ridiculous Request!

{{Questbox
 | id = 58068
 | name = ...Even The Most Ridiculous Request!
 | category = Maldraxxus
 | level = {{level|Maldraxxus}}
 | money = {{cost|36|50|40}}
 | reputation = +135 [[Undying Army|The Undying Army]]
 | experience = 12,500
 | start = [[Overseer Kalvaros]]
 | next = [[Juicing Up]]
}}

==Objectives==
See to the needs of the [[Challenger's Promenade|Promenade]] Champions.
* Speak with [[Gunn Gorgebone]]
* Watch the Gunn show
* Speak with [[Scrapper Minoire]]
* Speak with [[Rencissa the Dynamo]]
* Bring Rencissa [[The Biggest Rock You Can Find|the biggest rock you can find]]

==Description==
A fan of the competition, are you? Perhaps you would like to be more than a mere spectator?

I will give you a small task... one that not only benefits me, but that also gives you a chance to meet some of the storied competitors here.

As you can see, our three remaining houses have sent champions to attend the Contest of Conquest. Talk with them and attend to what needs they might have. 

==Rewards==
You will receive:
*[[Money]]
*[[XP]]
* +135 [[reputation]] with [[Undying Army|The Undying Army]]

==Progress==
What now?

==Completion==
We would be so lost without your help. Truly. 

==Notes==
===Transcript===
;Speak to Gunn Gorgebone
:You're brave one to approach me!
:{{gossip|Is there anything you need?}}

:{{text|say|Gunn Gorgebone|I need something, all right: more attention on my muscles!}}
:{{text|say|Gunn Gorgebone|Cheer for me, little one! Cheer for my divine physique!}}
:{{text|emote|Gunn Gorgebone flexes with all her might. Look at that form!}}

A spotlight shines on Gunn from above as she pulls various poses. The [[Gorgebone Fan]]s surrounding her lose their collective minds:
*{{text|say|Gorgebone Fan|We love you!}}
*{{text|say|Gorgebone Fan|Too strong!}}
*{{text|say|Gorgebone Fan|AAAAH!}}
*{{text|say|Gorgebone Fan|You're the best!}}
*{{text|say|Gorgebone Fan|Beautiful...so beautiful!}}
*{{text|say|Gorgebone Fan|Amazing!!}}
*{{text|say|Gorgebone Fan|Slay me, Gunn!}}

Click the [[Extra Action Button]] to {{Abilities|Cheer!|id=311926|icon=achievement_bg_tophealer_av}}

:{{text|say|Gunn Gorgebone|Yes... YES! Your applause doubles my strength!}}

Afterward, Gunn has new gossip:
:Behold my glorious form!

;Speak to Scrapper Minoire
You have deemed yourself worthy of my attention?

{{gossip|Is there anything you need?}}

:{{text|say|Scrapper Minoire|Oh? You offer a favor? Hm...}}
:{{text|say|Scrapper Minoire|Give me time. I will think of a fitting task. Humor the brutes in the meanwhile, but I will not let such an opportunity be wasted...}}

;Speak to Rencissa the Dynamo
:Speak up, whelp!

:{{gossip|Is there anything you need?}}

:{{text|say|Rencissa the Dynamo|You think you're strong enough to do something for me?}}
:{{text|say|Rencissa the Dynamo|Go get me the biggest rock you can find! Make it snappy!}}

Pick up [[The Biggest Rock You Can Find]] and bring it back.

:{{gossip|Here--this is the biggest rock I could find.}}

:{{text|say|Rencissa the Dynamo|See the Dynamo's power in action!}}
:''Rencissa effortlessly picks up the rock and crushes it with her hands.''
:{{text|say|Rencissa the Dynamo|AAAAAAAAAHH!}}

;On completion
:{{Text|Say|Scrapper Minoire|Oh, <name>? Do come closer... I believe I have a fitting favor to ask.}}

==Progression==
{{Theater of Pain quests}}

==Beta description==
Yes, yes, a fan of the competition. Perhaps you would like to be more?

I will give you a small task, that helps me, and gives you a chance to meet some of the amazing competitors here.

As you can see, our three remaining houses have sent champions to attend the Contest of Conquest. Talk with them; see to what needs they may have.

==Patch changes==
*{{Patch 9.0.2|note=Added.}}

==External links==
{{Elinks-quest|58068}}
{{DEFAULTSORT:Even The Most Ridiculous Request!}}
[[Category:Undying Army quests]]