# ...And Following Seas

{{Questbox
 | id = 57126
 | name = ...And Following Seas
 | category = Stormsong Valley
 | faction = Alliance
 | level = {{level|bfa-max}}
 | levelreq =  {{level|bfa-max}}
 | start = [[Lady Jaina Proudmoore]]
 | end = [[Calia Menethil]]
 | experience = 1,800
 | money = {{cost|2|34|}}
 | previous = [[Old Soldier (Alliance)]]
 | next = [[Sail With the Tide]]
 | other-faction = Sense of Obligation
}}

==Objectives==
Visit [[Derek Proudmoore]] and Calia Menethil.
* Find [[Calia Menethil]]

==Description==
My brother Derek died in the [[Second War]], only to be [[Undead|raised]] against his will by the [[Sylvanas Windrunner|Banshee Queen]]. If not for [[Baine Bloodhoof]]'s courageous act of defiance, Derek would have been turned into a weapon against my family.

He's lived in torment since his awakening. I feared he would be lost to us, but he has received help from an old friend of mine who has also been recently raised--Calia Menethil. She has guided him back from the brink of despair.

I am on my way to pay them a visit. Care to join me?

==Rewards==
You will receive:
* {{cost|2|34|}}
* 1,800 [[XP]]

==Completion==
Welcome. It's nice to have company.

Ah, [[Jaina Proudmoore|Jaina]] has arrived.

==Notes==
Calia is in [[Seabreeze Village]] in [[Stormsong Valley]].

;Upon completion
:{{Text|say|Calia Menethil|Ah Jaina. What a relief to see you safe.}}
:{{Text|say|Lady Jaina Proudmoore|Hello, Calia. Big Brother.}}
:{{Text|say|Derek Proudmoore|Word has spread of [[Battle at the Gates of Orgrimmar|what happened]] at [[Orgrimmar]]. Is the war finally over?}}
:{{Text|say|Lady Jaina Proudmoore|It will take time for all the pockets of fighting to be quelled, but... yes, I believe so.}}
:{{Text|say|Calia Menethil|[[Azeroth]] has seen so many wars, so much strife. I pray we have earned a respite.}}
:{{Text|say|Lady Jaina Proudmoore|As do I. Have you been able to find peace in your own heart, Derek?}}
:{{Text|say|Derek Proudmoore|I still have some rough seas to sail, but I'm much better now, thanks to Calia. Without her guidance, I would have been truly lost.}}
:{{Text|say|Calia Menethil|I'm so grateful you brought us together, Jaina. This time with Derek has helped me as much as it's helped him.}}
:{{Text|say|Lady Jaina Proudmoore|In the wake of [[Fourth War|this war]], others will need to find their footing. Their future. Perhaps you could guide them, too.}}
:{{Text|say|Calia Menethil|I'm not sure how much help I could be. I don't have all the answers.}}
:{{Text|say|Derek Proudmoore|Maybe they don't need answers. Maybe they just need hope. Like I did.}}
:{{Text|say|Lady Jaina Proudmoore|Well said, big brother. Come, let's take a walk. I am so grateful to have you both back in my life.}}
:{{Text|say|Lady Jaina Proudmoore|Let's enjoy this moment together.}}

==Progression==
#[[Old Soldier (Alliance)]]
#[[...And Following Seas]]
#[[Sail With the Tide]]

==Patch changes==
*{{Patch 8.2.5|note=Added.}}

==External links==
{{Elinks-quest|57126}}

[[Category:Boralus quests]]
{{DEFAULTSORT:And Following Seas}}