# 447

{{Questbox
| race = Goblin
| name=447
| start=[[Sassy Hardwrench]]{{co|59.7|77.1|Kezan|link=Kezan (starting zone)}}
| faction=Horde
| id=14125
|level={{level|Kezan}}
| category=Kezan
| disambigcat=Kezan (starting zone)
| end=[[Claims Adjuster]]{{co|59.6|76.5|Kezan|link=Kezan (starting zone)}}
| reputation = +250 [[Bilgewater Cartel (faction)|Bilgewater Cartel]]
| experience = 200
| rewards = [[Flame-Retardant Pajama Sleeves]]<br />or [[Gassy Bracers]]<br />or [[Gas Soaked Boots]]<br />or [[Gassy Armbands]]
| money = {{cost|||55}}
| previous=[[The Great Bank Heist]], [[Robbing Hoods]], [[Liberate the Kaja'mite]], [[Waltz Right In]]
| next=[[Life Savings (quest)]]
}}

== Objectives ==
Overload the Defective Generator, Activate the Leaky Stove, Drop a Cigar on the Flammable Bed, and use the [[Gasbot]] to set [[KTC Headquarters]] ablaze!
*Overload the [[Defective Generator]]
*Activate the [[Leaky Stove]]
*Drop a Cigar on the [[Flammable Bed]]
*KTC Headquarters Set Ablaze with Gasbot!

== Description ==
We're close, but we still don't have enough macaroons. Lucky for you boss, I suspected this might be the case, and I've got a plan. We're going to collect on the headquarters insurance policy!

Hope you don't mind, but I filled the place with the leftover fireworks from your party. All you have to do is go in there and sabotage things.

May I suggest the faulty generator, the leaky stove, and the flammable bed? Then come back outside and use the [[Gasbot Control Panel|control panel]] to send in the gasbot.

It's a foolproof plan!

==Rewards==
{{itembox|You will be able to choose one of these rewards:
|Flame-Retardant Pajama Sleeves
|Gassy Bracers
|Gas Soaked Boots
|Gassy Armbands
}}

You will also receive:
* {{cost|||55}}
* 200 [[XP]]
* +250 [[reputation]] with [[Bilgewater Cartel (faction)|Bilgewater Cartel]]

== Completion ==
This is nothing. You should see [[Bilgewater Port]]... the whole thing is going up in flames!

Fine, fine. I don't have time to inspect this place. Here's the moolah from the Bilgewater Cartel's insurance policy.

I've got to find a way off the island! Good luck, <name>!

== Notes ==
;On accept
:{{text|say|Sassy Hardwrench|I can't stand to watch. So many good memories. So much profit.}}

;Sassy
:We gotta finish up here and get you to the dock before the Trade Prince leaves us all behind!

On success:
:{{text|yell|Claims Adjuster|Another faulty electrical-gas-flammable bed-fireworks accident?!}}

==Gallery==
<gallery>
File:KTC Headquarters.jpg|Before...
File:447 - Overload Defective Generator.jpg|Overload!
File:447 - Drop cigar.jpg|Drop cigar!
File:KTC Headquarters burning.jpg|BOOM!
</gallery>

==Progression==
{{Kezan quests}}

==Patch changes==
*{{Patch 7.0.3|note=[[Gassy Armbands]] added as a reward.}}
*{{Patch 4.0.3a|note=Added.}}

==External links==
{{Elinks-quest|14125}}