# ... Or Maybe We Don't (Alliance)

{{Questbox
|name=... Or Maybe We Don't
|id=12138
|level={{level|Grizzly Hills}}
|faction=Alliance
|start=[[Raegar Breakbrow]]
|category=Grizzly Hills
|reputation=
|experience= 20950 (or {{cost|12|57||}} at level 80)
|money={{cost|5|90}}
|previous=[[We Have the Power (Alliance)]]
|next=[[The Iron Thane and His Anvil]] & [[Blackout (quest)]]
|other-faction=... Or Maybe We Don't (Horde)
}}

==Objectives==
Charge your [[Depleted War Golem|War Golem]] with the energy from 10 [[Lightning Sentry|Lightning Sentries]] and return to [[Raegar Breakbrow]] at [[Prospector's Point]].
* Charge Level (10)
*[[Golem Control Unit (depleted)]] (provided)

==Description==
You'd think the guys making the power cells would've thought to power them up, but no, they've got to make it difficult for us.

Fine, we'll charge those cells the hard way. There's enough power in them to run the golem for a short time, but don't expect it to be any good in combat.

You see the lightning sentries that the [[Iron dwarf|irons]] have posted around the perimeter of [[Dun Argol]]? Bring the golem with you, take it close to them, and use the golem to absorb the power as the sentries die. 

==Rewards==
You will receive:
*{{cost|5|90}}
* 20950 [[XP]] (or {{cost|12|57||}} at level 80)

==Progress==
How's the charging going?

==Completion==
Finally, it's ready. I only hope it holds together long enough to get the job done. If we don't take out the thane leading Dun Argol, [[Gryan Stoutmantle|Captain Gryan'll]] be in for a nasty surprise.

==Notes==
The [[Lightning Sentry|Lightning Sentries]] drop totems that attack for ~1k nature damage, so destroy them quick!

==Progression==
{{:Check Up on Raegar}}

==Patch changes==
*{{Patch 3.0.2|note=Added.}}

==External links==
{{Elinks-quest|12138}}

{{DEFAULTSORT:Or Maybe We Don't}}