# ... It Will Come

{{Questbox
| name=... It Will Come
| start=[[Erunak Stonespeaker]]
| faction=Neutral
| id=26111
| level={{level|Abyssal Depths}}
| levelreq=30
| category=Abyssal Depths
| reputation=+350 [[Earthen Ring]]
| rewards=[[Chestguard of Cognitive Dissonance]] or [[Brain-Connector Chain]] or [[Mentalist's Protective Bottle]]
| experience=43650
| money={{cost|16|40}}
| previous=[[Scalding Shrooms]], [[Into the Totem]]
| next=[[Unplug L'ghorek]], [[Fiends from the Netherworld]]
}}

==Objectives==
{{questportrait|Ick'thys the Unfathomable.jpg|Ick'thys the Unfathomable|You need its brain!}}
Obtain the Brain of the Unfathomable.
*[[The Brain of the Unfathomable]]

==Description==
I now imbue you with the energies of the [[Corrupting Faceless|corrupting faceless]].

Swim down to my luring totem in the trench to the northeast. Release the energies through it. Bring back the brain of their leader.

Call down to [[Ick'thys the Unfathomable]]... it will come!

==Rewards==
{{itembox|You will be able to choose one of these rewards:|Chestguard of Cognitive Dissonance|Brain-Connector Chain|Mentalist's Protective Bottle}}
You will also receive: {{cost|16|40}}

==Progress==
Do you have it, <name>?

With the Unfathomable's brain, we still may yet be able to communicate with [[L'ghorek]], the dying ancient one in front of us.

==Completion==
And now we will see if we can get you into [[L'ghorek]] to speak with it before it dies.

==Notes==
Head northeast, down, away from L'ghorek. Look for a big green runic circle. The totem is just to the south of it. Ick'thys is a level 82 faceless one, with 77,000 health and the following abilities:
*{{abilities|Mental Battle|range=40|Forces the target to do battle with himself.|notes=Summons a Sinister Reflection of the player with ~7000 health and representative abilities of the class. Cast once at the beginning of the fight.}}
*{{abilities|Shadow Bolt|range=40|Hurls a bolt of dark magic at an enemy, inflicting Shadow Damage.|1600-1900 Shadow damage.}}
*{{abilities|Void Zone|range=50,000|Summon a Void Zone that deals Shadow damage to enemies that stand within it.}}
**{{abilities|Consumption|Deals Shadow damage to all enemies within the void zone.|notes=Instant. 2500-2800 Shadow damage every second}}
On summon:
:{{text|yell|Ick'thys the Unfathomable|I laugh at you, feeble <name>, but I will oblige. Now, let us return to my master, below!}}

==Progression==
{{Abyssal Depths quest chain}}

==Patch changes==
* {{Patch 4.0.3a|note=Added.}}

==External links==
{{Elinks-quest|26111}}
{{DEFAULTSORT:It Will Come}}