# ...and a Time for Action

{{Questbox
| name = ...and a Time for Action
| level = {{level|Blade's Edge Mountains}}
| category = Blade's Edge Mountains
| start = [[Tree Warden Chawn]]
| experience = 11650 EXP (or {{cost|6|99|}} at max level)
| money = {{cost|3|70|}}
| reputation = +250 [[Cenarion Expedition]]
| rewards = [[Hewing Gloves]], [[Tree Warden's Belt]], [[Bracers of the Weald]], or [[Expedition Defender's Shoulders]]
| previous = [[A Time for Negotiation...]]
| id = 10713
}}

==Objectives==
Venture out into the Ruuan Weald and slay 10 Wyrmcult Hewers, then return to [[Tree Warden Chawn]] at Evergrove in the [[Blade's Edge Mountains]].
*[[Wyrmcult Hewer]] slain (10)

==Description==
We will not stand idly by while they decimate the Ruuan Weald around us. Our first priority must be to the trees.

<class>, I want you to go back out into the Weald and deliver a very different message for us. I want you to slay every one of their hewers that you come into contact with!

If they will not listen to reason, perhaps they will listen to a more assertive method of persuasion!

==Rewards==
{{Itembox|You will be able to choose one of these rewards:|Hewing Gloves|Tree Warden's Belt|Bracers of the Weald|Expedition Defender's Shoulders}}
You will also receive:
*{{cost|3|70|}}
*11650 [[XP]] (or {{cost|6|99|}} at max level)
*+250 [[reputation]] with [[Cenarion Expedition]]

==Progress==
Have you protected the trees?  Are the hewers cut down?

==Completion==
Thank you, <name>.

While we'll see to it that the wildlife will replenish itself in quick order, regrowing the trees, especially in a natural fashion, is a much more time-intensive process.

==Progression==
# [[A Time for Negotiation...]]
# [[...and a Time for Action]]

==Patch changes==
*{{Patch 2.0.3|note=Added.}}

==External links==
{{Elinks-quest|10713}}

{{DEFAULTSORT:and a Time for Action}}
[[Category:Cenarion Expedition quests]]